you know what if you want to apologize
for something apologize for that my eyes
are burning
don't blame me haven't you heard the
mayor wants Christmas to be three times
bigger this year that means three times
the lights three times the eggnog three
times the information needed haha this
is one of your kidding things I don't
speak ridiculous have a nice life
goodbye present this is our enemy you
will want to unwrap it and
[Music]
but you must matter if you can get past
the present the only obstacle left is
the cookie look at it in all its red
sugary slender no no look at yourselves
discipline we must resist today was
great we did mean things and we did them
in style max you know the rules you
sleep into her bed and I sleep in oh no
no not you too I don't believe this max
did you teach him puffy eyes fine this
one time all this excess and nonsense it
was all about greed about meaningless
stuff that they didn't even need yeah
the grinch went to work he scooped up
the toys he raced against time he raced
against joy he had a few snags as he
made his way through an angry orange cat
and a sleepwalking hood
thank you mommy how much I don't know
about the Grinch okay yes I know I'm
gonna do great
where does the Grinch live Mount crumpit
what are the names of Cindy Lou's
brothers I know they both start with the
beat Brad Bret no one's being Buster and
bean that's my kids Nance
how many sizes too small is the Grinch
is hard to times just me too easy
however many sizes too small his heart
there's a very strong beating heart to
this there's a reason why he is so lost
that's beautiful
how would the Grinch handle stress well
sounds come on now immersion therapy by
just throwing himself into the center of
Whoville performing some form of martial
law a discipline like jujitsu genius
starts with the ABS max
[Music]
behold present yes they have no idea
what could be in here don't color
questions
prepare to have your mind below what
brings out your inner grapes traffic
tight shoes this is very uncomfortable
we don't have cereal in the morning if
you could invent one new Christmas
tradition what would it be giving
presents to strangers some say the
Grinch was born with a heart two sizes
too small
what's your weirdest body part my
pinkies in that straight this is
supposed to be straight my ears are
weird aw sweet
okay subscribe me cringe no nicest way
possible that's not gonna happen
I can't say like ugly or nasty well okay
so hey I don't know I don't a toss what
gift would you give the Grinch a better
attitude a big it's a massive heart
[Music]
kind of a catfish or something cousin
here
[Music]
you have bothered to the sweetness
which friends you don't have wouldn't
touch you what a 39 and
you're months
yahaa 17
father smiles homie
autumn decoration
[Music]
this mean fellow
in our brain and his teeth yellow so mad
much more mang
[Music]
who is this mean colorless in our brain
and his teeth are yellow
which so mad
[Applause]
[Music]
this skater may become the next great
name in figure skating
[Music]
[Applause]
don't you bring me down
[Music]
[Applause]
your bad banana with
[Music]
today we will do mean things and we will
do them in style are you
[Music]
the grid
Matt stop socializing now let's go in
for a look
watch out Christmas already
look at those greedy little gift
monsters ready oh hey look it's me
[Music]
you're mean mr. Grinch
you as cuddly as a cactus what's that
he'll and checkmate again today we will
do mean things and we will do them in
style
[Music]
I'm done to steal their Christmas red
this perfectly recreates a mating call
of the reindeer the whole Wow hey there
sorry little goat I was looking for a
rare
[Music]
the Grinch is loudest snow I've ever
heard in my life
what are you doing okay
[Applause]
[Music]
going to steal their Christmas come P
this is our enemy
we must resist this mean fellow with the
skin our brain amidst sea floor yellow
we will drop the slave from the roof
okay
go team smile if I'm gonna become Santa
then I need to get into character
[Music]
it's don't hang your house until now
we'll be riding in style Oh
[Music]
decoration town now you can ask max a
layout
[Music]
who is this mean finalists in our
drainage issue
next I'm promoting you you will guide my
sleigh tonight
max bridge max you know the rules you
sleep in your bed and I sleep again
that's if you teach him puppy eyes
[Music]
you